[Music]
today Holly can you please comment share
your comments about David wolf did a
recent blog post recently saying I am
NOT a meal in it
now there's nothing wrong with being a
millionaire Dave Wolf's millionaire you
know good on Emmys he's definitely done
a lot of work he sold you know a lot of
books I mean every time I go to a health
food store in the US and it goes war
food department is Dave Wolf's face sit
on the shelf and hey you know these
products are out there sells lots of
things and colostrum to deer placenta
and deer antler and cacao I mean Dave
wolf basically good cacao and all the
shops around you know he turned it from
a third-world product to $0.50 a pound
to an organic superfood $50 a pounds I
mean he's definitely done well in the
business world and congratulations he's
definitely worked hard to get there he
did the blog where he says he's not a
millionaire I don't understand that
because Dave's really good with the
business it's just such a good business
what's the word he's just unrelenting
you know he's just he's out he's he's
out there marketing himself all the time
so I'll just sell that buy that buy that
hey that's cool you know that's a sort
of a commercial well we live in so the
person's asking a question Dave wolf
says he's not a millionaire but then he
he says this at one of these tours now
listen to this it's really really an
honor to be here at Google Google has
been near and dear to my heart because
the first day that the stock came out I
bought it check this out I made so much
money on it I bought a house
and so my house was paid for by Google
stock it's the most outrageous goal ever
build your own spaceship but you know
what I believe strongly because I've
done it in my life
I'm the under wealthiest hippie on earth
I probably am but any more money that
most anybody is made in their life I'm
the under wealthiest hippie on earth I
probably am but I'd made more money than
most anybody is made in their life I'm
the uncle wealthiest hippie on earth I
probably am but I'd made more money that
most anybody's made in their life this
is in no way since it's not hate speech
20 personal thing against Dave wolf
people say yeah yes it is during writer
don't wolf soon you'll in Supreme Court
of San Diego
okay I don't care table sir miss it's
nothing personal you know I got alright
nothing but love for Dave wolf you know
I don't take it personally he wants to
sue me and in the Supreme Court of San
Diego you know I've got a no judgment on
that I'm under attached from that not a
problem oil for me it doesn't make me
hate Dave wolf because he's trying to
sue me in the Supreme Court of San Diego
it doesn't bother me at all doesn't love
me no I just see it I don't take it
personal so this is a video not about
hate speech or anything like that it's
just showing my comments in my opinion
from the door on everyone ask me what do
you think it is what do think that so
this is I'm just showing my opinions and
no hate love you Dave big hugs you know
haven't been out of smoothie sometimes
together we can now put a bit of cacao
in your cup so nothing's nothing
personal mr. the DW at all nothing
personal against fats avocado so is Dave
wolf millionaire well you'd think we'll
the product he sells and the books he
sold and the cacao market and all the
super foods and the almost gold things
like that you think so but I don't know
that's I've got Dave wools blog here why
I'm not a millionaire January 12 2012
dave says he's not a millionaire
do I need to feel there clear that I'm
not a million an hour never was a
millionaire in the past and I certainly
don't want to be a millionaire in the
future and then Dave talks about how he
he idolizes the Hollywood character
David Carradine in the television
program called kung-fu and he wants to
live as a minimalist that's cool so why
and then you have this paragraph if you
know me then you know that I never speak
negatively about people or their
companies interesting interesting so I
guess that means Dave Wolf's never gonna
get on the stage and write off me or
Doug Graham and call us insane banana
readers and say I've got mental issues
and stuff all that wow that's that's
amazing I guess it means Dave wolf is
going to start selling his products for
super cheap instead of super expensive
lightweight package expensive products
now we're going to see from Dave wolf
lightweight cheap packaged product facts
the door
like in a 90% off retail or just you
know 10% above the cost price and the
farmers just to cover the posting and
shipping and because Dave walks into
minimalist lifestyle he doesn't want to
be rich is that what it means I don't
know I'm still confused type your
comments down below what's your opinion
what's your opinion on the situation
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next video I'm gonna wealthiest hippie
on earth I probably am but I have me
more money that most anybody is made in
their life
[Music]